I
Need clue when our houseguest is finally gonna leave it'd be nice to have the living room back
I keep tripping on all this top. He's always messing with my Tivo. It's an antique the buttons are fragile
Thanks surprise the dad's avoiding all this guys. He's a family friend
He can stay as long as he needs hey, so I just sold some drugs to the weird little dude in there
He said you had cash. Oh you kids in school. You having trouble focusing? Okay?
That's it. Morty find your grandfather while I go talk to our houseguest Jerry pay the dealer. Yeah, I prefer the term pharmacist
Any chance you sorry I left my wallet in space
Are you leaving to get it?
Mr. Poopy butthole this has gone far enough. We have been really cool to you in your time of need
We don't have a ceiling fan
Bet you'd expect to see me in a cold open hot looks like I'm taking another turn for the worse
It all started when Beth shot me. I said I was sorry
I know it tore you up inside like a bullet
Anyway, then I got fired from my job my wife left me I broke both my legs
Pailed the bar exam. Oh, we things went downhill from there
So I'm in crash with the Smiths for a while. Oh, yeah, I'm mr. Poopy butthole and this is Rick and Morty season seven
I
Buddy we're brought your coffee. I can synthesize coffee. You don't need to make excuses. Yeah, I need to say that so I didn't even bring a cup
Any progress? Yes, Morty. I found the version of me that killed my wife. You just missed it
Okay, I get it a big sword fight with him on top of Hoover Dam
He fell and landed on a sharp spike and then whispered. Thank you like a werewolf
I was asking to be polite the family wants you upstairs to deal with mr. Poopy butthole. It's finally time, huh?
Well lucky for you guys. I know how to make someone leave family. I present to you
Robo ghost
I
Activating extensions uploading business
Unfinished business detected terminating
Okay, I need to make gravity part of its finished business and leaf floors unfinished starting over dad
You can't keep putting this off. You're doing an intervention with nope
Then we're sticking poopy butthole downstairs with you. What is this?
This is an intervention of me not intervening. You know this can't make the concept work not comedically or clinically
It's accessory is 10% in both areas and you have to help him on your own and not with a ghost
That that's interesting you kind of gave him a little power by mentioning him there's a lot of science to unpack about ghosts
Ah
After I talked to my friend
Living room Rick. I'm not doing this by myself. Oh, so you're going to have an intervention
No, I'm gonna get some friends to help me talk to a friend and you'd know the difference if you weren't stupid and had friends
You're mean dad take your battles, honey. Yeah, fuck you summer
God damn it your portal closed. Oh did it have an intervention or
Bunch of
Gearhead buddy listen, we got to help mr. Poopy butthole. He's in a bad place
Well, that sounds like an intervention which gear head no like head. It's not an intervention and you owe me
Okay, fine, but now I need a drink make it to go and make it to
Rick you son of a squash
Squatch told you he wasn't dead we squatchin a little we need to have a hang with poopy butthole and talk to him about his
Drinking us not without a squatch. I'd love one if you're pouring you three
You left a grumflomite femur in the compost your human side is passionate, but careless
I also found your Federation
Rick
BP it's been a minute is
Someone here bird daughter you found her. Yes, she was imprisoned in a fem fatale training camp. That's great
Let's go celebrate with our closest friends by encouraging poopy butthole to dial back his drinking
Suspect but I find fatherhood exhausting and would like to show my daughter what real selfishness looks like perfect now
Do we know anyone sober?
Have you been drinking I'm a Thursday. He seems ideal
So where to a coffee shop? No, he'll know something's up. Yeah, I'm not squancing just coffee
Let's watch him do a bar it would undercut our messaging so it is an intervention
No, we're not asking anyone to stop drinking because we're not hypocrites or squares
We're just concerned friends, then we can at least do it at a place with a bar
I appreciate you guys taking me out. It's been a rough week. Amy's taking pilates from a guy named guy
You've been surveilling your ex-wife
Not with the restraining order. I hired a predator to follow her around you can hire predators
Yeah, they're cheap because they live for the hunt. You just have to pay them not to kill your target
And if they stay cloaked, there's no licensing fee. Welcome to fuck you. My name is Mark and fuck you
See at fuck yous we lightly tease our customers. Oh, this is fun. What do you know Gilligan?
Nice look at this depressed pencil eraser. Did some middle schooler stick you up a cat's asshole
I bet you had everything and you watch it slip through your powerless little fingers like the sands of time
Be right back to take your order folks or should I say fucks?
Perhaps this wasn't the best place to do this Rick. What are you talking about?
This is a great place to celebrate my birthday
birthday birthday
birthday birthday birthday birthday birthday
Oh, I can't believe you all remembered. I was at the end of my rope thinking I'd worn out all my
Welcomes thanks for doing all this Rick. Of course, mr. PB. What are friends for heard? We got a birthday boy
Yeah, but please don't sing
Fuck you shit
Yeah
I can relate bird daughter is a total bitch if you're a parent you can say that
That one's not my belly button
Oh
Shit it's happening
We're on earth how do you know because I think that is Hugh Jackman
Oh shit it is hey Jackman make sense. He recognizes me. We both hosted the Oscars. It's a pretty exclusive club
Listen guys don't make this tacky nobody call him Wolverine. Just treat him like a regular Jane small world
My you you married my cousin which I guess makes him a Wolverine law
That is fantastic. Hey, didn't you host the Oscars? Yeah?
All right. All right, listen now. I'm not assuming you guys want a party with me tonight, but if you do
I
You do it together as a team now
I need to go take what I call a huge Ackman Ackman is Australian slang for shit
Don't look it up do make a decision because from here. I'm heading to the jackshack. What's the jackshack?
It's just his house, but guys. I don't think we should go there
I challenge you to explain why not without making us want to go more well huge pretty
Anti-limitation when he parties it gets extreme challenge failed. Oh, what's extreme by the gene metric?
Do you believe his shot glasses exactly squash weights brother?
The new shot
The first everybody's taking these what are they? Maybe they're tic-tacs. Maybe they're sorry. I
Don't like the party with people that hesitate
You got that's a spirit now we are all
I lost my seat
Watch out my turn
Did I win?
The best buddy day of my life
I was talking about the Tony award
Why the long face man
You know mr. Poopy battle when I wrote Caribbean Queen, you know what my agent said Billy Ocean wrote
That's what he said exactly that Billy Ocean wrote this don't write it again. You're not Billy Ocean
You know what I did I fired my agent
Don't accept other people's limitations. What does your heart want little ripper right now?
Don't think
Everybody our friend wants Amy back watch idea. I will agree to anything in this state
I do not think that's a good idea
Gentlemen this man is a fake friend. Come on you come on here. Come on everybody
Don't call you Jackman Wolverine. Don't call yourself Billy Ocean. Don't get Amy back
You're a vampire brother you feed off other people's energy
Are you kidding me? You've been living on my daughter's sofa for months. You want me to leave the entire family dies
Because you're my friend a real friend would have known it's not my birthday. Oh
Shit
Fake friend. You're not helping Hugh Jackman. You do not tell me what to do or anyone here
Would you pretend it was your birthday
Oh
Love where you are man. You just Wolverine right now. Yeah feel that
Right grab a drink to go gentlemen because we're either getting Amy back or we're going home you're nuts and not me up bitch
Not me up
Amy's coming back
Fake friend might ask I know what to be there for my friends
Crap hang on let me go upstairs and grab the business finisher
Hey mind your own business business is my business and brother business is
I
Mean you guys come out because I didn't want to talk to PB alone. I'm here to go down at the ship respect Rick
Oh
Wow your love is pretty strong
I guess that's not all she's feeling
I'm gonna close this later
Now
Okay, honestly, PB that could have gone a lot worse PB
I did your actively a predator right now mud the mud thing everyone mud up and hide
What's that smell? Oh squancy. That's not mud
Well, I'm not from this planet
Look, I just didn't think I could
Don't high road me. It's just as dishonest to play dumb about wearing out your welcome
You're an adult beat the room and figure it out
I
Admit it that that was self-destructive
News me as a shield I feel
I'm so squashed out bad
I'm not really with these guys
Yes, you didn't see season four episode three
Fuck
Who's got the three dots on their forehead now?
I could have done that before he punched me
What are you doing? I want that skull no rick no more. This is my fault all of it
And if he's gonna protect my wife and child, that's a great thing to know when I get my shit together
Wayne
Amy
I messed up real bad
I came to say I don't know what to do without you, but I guess I can start by not kidnapping
That's definitely where you should start
I'm sorry, Amy
You should be but I'm not we're a family now
Me poopy junior and gulkarna clan leader of the skin thieves. Goodbye, Wayne
Goodbye
Oh me a musket. I'm starting to think it's like their currency
I hope because I must but man possesses a precious gift the power to change
More like the power of music bitch. What the fuck jesus you we were just resolving it
Well, I'm an actor and I'm high Caribbean queen written by Hugh Jackman age 16. How's that for a twist?
Yeah, sometimes you have to believe
Wow, that's real inspiring
Makes me think about
Okay, sorry. All right guys. I'm buying drive-thru tacos, but nobody tells my nutritionist and we have to steal a car
Wayne, huh?
It appears bird daughter has broken into another federation compound
I must go Wayne this counts as attending your actual birthday
Rick it was canonical to see you. Yeah, let's call it. I want to pass out before I remember what we did tonight
I never want to forget it and I never want to repeat it. Proud of you little buddy
You too, swanche. Oh
Look at this bird guy talking cat
What are you a robot man and a mutant? Wow as a bonza knife mates. That's one for the books
Oh
Bonzer night indeed captain touch with the guys over the years as much as you can in this fast world
Bird person went home to take out a challenge way more difficult than a predator
Raising bird daughter
Gear head went back to the gear system and got a spinal replacement. He's still paying it off
Squanchie checked himself into a nice rehab. No one thought it would stick and it didn't he was later arrested for smuggling toad venom across the border
He and jackman went to the jack shack to glue back together the tony award the dean shot and possibly to put a bullet in all future
Wolverine references thanks to us and what came of rick
I think he learned something that night about friendship about honesty and maybe he learned something about himself
Oh here forgot to give you a fading pill great for hangovers just to clarify
I had to take an unfading pill to counteract the original fading pill. I just took oh
Uh, okay, and if you're hung up on why the taxi disappeared the pills aren't sentient
But they do detect human coverings so it saw the taxi as some sort of large overcoat
It doesn't matter you uh gonna be all right. Got a place to stay
I could 3d print you an apartment on the moon. I'll figure it out rick. Thanks
Well, here I go pilling again
Yep, don't any of you worry about mr. Poopy butthole
I got a lot of work to do, but I'll end up my poopy little feet. I always do
Oh
Guys I got the best buds burrito box they normally ask for proof of friendship
But the cashier trusted me that you guys were out
Here
Not cool, man
You
Don't have to do this Sharon. It's your last day on the job
That's exactly why I must I ain't retiring a coward I get out of here officer and go take care of my granddaughter
I
Is young in my prime my mind being free from care
Oh
What happened I think it ran out of gas
So he could have survived if he just did back five feet
Well, let's not tell his granddaughter that
Did you get any of that?